c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\bin\Debug\Modulo_Compras.exe.config
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\Modulo_Compras.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\OrdenesdeCompraWerner.AlmacenarOCRealizadas.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\OrdenesdeCompraWerner.CapturaOrden.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\OrdenesdeCompraWerner.Catalogos.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\OrdenesdeCompraWerner.ControlDemora.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\OrdenesdeCompraWerner.GenerarOC.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\capa_Diseño.proveedores.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\capa_Diseño.clientes.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\Proveedores1.ingreso.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\Modulo_Compras.Inicio.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\Proveedores1.MantTranProveedores.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\prototipoEnlace.Form1.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\Proveedores1.movimientos.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\Proveedores1.MovProveedores.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\prototipoEnlace.movProvPoliza.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\Movimientos_clientes.Mov_clientes.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\CapaDiseño.Mov_clientes_nuevo.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\CapaDiseño.Reporte_movimientos_cliente.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\CapaDiseño.Reporte_Saldos.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\CapaDiseño.Reporte_Transacciones_C.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\CapaDiseño.Reporte_transacciones_cliente.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\Proveedores1.TranProveedores.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\Movimientos_clientes.Transacciones.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\OrdenesdeCompraWerner.Ver_solicitudes.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\CapaDiseño.Vision_movs.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\CapaDiseño.Vision_trans.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\Navegador.Navegador.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\Modulo_Compras.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\Proveedores1.MantTranProveedores.es-GT.resources
c:\users\scarl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Modulo_Compras\Modulo_Compras\obj\Debug\Modulo_Compras.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
